Baoer, never
You can't get carried away with anger
The matter between the two countries
It's not as simple as you think
Mother, don't worry.
I will be lost
Sister Huang, this is no small matter
I will use the emperor for a while
Mother, don't worry.
I will not lose
Grandpa Turtle
So what if you have the status of a princess?
Now the heroic woman is dead
Wait for the hero to perish
You will eventually become a sword girl
And I will rise with the power of mastering the country
Death is destined to step on your head
Three more to win the world
What a heroic woman
Don't be too happy
If anyone loses, they have to cede 3,000 miles of land
60 cities
You can't fight
Princess Zhang, but you are qualified to represent Great Xia
Cut the city and let the emperor
Will your Emperor agree to such a major event?
Don't be impulsive about this.
Although Princess Zhang is noble
But he's just a woman
How can I win the three powerhouses on the opposite side?
Your Majesty, the eldest princess is acting out of emotion
You're not going to live that long.
Rich because you have to go to Your Majesty to think clearly
After all, if you lose
You are sinners through the ages
I agree.